User, Verification, Date, Rating, Comment
HikerGirl38, Verified Purchase, 12/10/2023, 5 out of 5 stars review, My dog (42 lbs) immediately adopted this bed (size: large). She seems to appreciate the well-filled bolster and comfortable padding. The bed was delivered in excellent condition, appears well-made and is well-padded. Time will tell how the loft of the padding holds up but otherwise, my dog and I are entirely satisfied with the product as delivered.
Dale, Verified Purchase, 4/4/2023, 5 out of 5 stars review, Bought for a feral cat that comes inside to eat and sleep. Placed his favorite velour sweatshirt inside the bed and he cuddles up and passes out for hours. Well worth the money.
Jennifer, Verified Purchase, 1/1/2024, 5 out of 5 stars review, Bought for my cat who weighs in close to 15 pounds. He loves his bed. As soon as i put it in his favorite place he started sleeping in the bed. If he was any larger cat he wouldnt fit. Im going to get a second one for my other cat as he likes it too.
ayn, Verified Purchase, 1/27/2024, 5 out of 5 stars review, I wanted a heavy duty bottom layer of padding on the bed I was looking for. Some Pet Beds come in pretty flimsy pathetic thicknesses and I have been searching for a heavy, soft and comfortable bed for my girls. This thing is HEAVY, Weighing more than 3 other beds I looked at combined. Holding up very well and I even sat in it to see if it was soft enough for them and it totally was
Linda, Verified Purchase, 2/25/2024, 5 out of 5 stars review, Chloe was counting cats as she cuddled up in her bed. Seems like I received extra kisses. Don't have a photo of Chloe enjoying her new bed, you can image how spoiled she is by the pic of her and her PopPop
Susan, Verified Purchase, 2/18/2024, 5 out of 5 stars review, My pup loves his new bed, it's big enough it should last a little while. He has out grown his last two beds very quickly so got him the big‘Un , he is just in heaven
alisha, Verified Purchase, 2/21/2024, 4 out of 5 stars review, its not as thick or comfortable as the description led to believe but i was able to stuff more into it. bad part is theres not a way to jist eash the cover. I have a 109lb great pyrenees and he curls up on his bed with his buddy Sven!!!
Afraidtogoanywhere, Verified Purchase, 2/8/2024, 3 out of 5 stars review, My dog has always slept on a plush throw but because it has been cold so long this year, I thought he might feel more cosy in a bed. He is small, only 8 pounds, so i felt the small bed would fit him. But he has been sleeping in it with his head hanging over the side and he just looks uncomfortable to me. Or he doesn't use it at all and sleeps on a small rug because his blankie has been in the laundry pile forever.
N/A, Verified Purchase, 3/7/2024, 3 out of 5 stars review, I'm keeping it, but I don't know how anyone thinks this bed is 21 inches long. If I squash it down like a pancake I can kind of get it to be almost that long, but sitting with the bolsters upright, it's a few inches short of that. It's the same in the other direction. My dog is 42 lbs, and she likes small beds, so I'll be keeping it. I just wish it had been as big as advertised. She didn't even wait for me to take her leash off from going out to get the mail before she plopped down. So... Dog approved, I guess. Even if it is smaller than advertised.
Elyse, Verified Purchase, 2/15/2024, 1 out of 5 stars review, I just barely opened up this package with the bed in it and I put it on the floor my cat went in it but then they started licking it on one corner. I went to go see what they were licking and there's a red spot or stain that's deeply embedded. when I went to go smell it it smells putrid. I don't know if it's a blood stain or something else but my cat was licking it and now I'm very concerned that they will get sick. It smells so nasty it's like a sour smell. It's got to be either blood or food for my cat to be interested in it enough to lick it. I am not happy about this one bit and now I'm feeling like I'm not going to get any sleep tonight I worked 10 hours today it's 1:00 in the morning I'm exhausted and now I'm concerned my cat's going ...
Nancy, Verified Purchase, 1/18/2024, 4 out of 5 stars review, It was smaller than I was anticipating. It said it fit up to a 15%23 animal. Our cat is 10%23 and he's almost overflowing. But he loves small places so, I guess we'll be keeping it.
Nichole, Verified Purchase, 1/19/2024, 5 out of 5 stars review, I bought the 38x48 so the kids could grow into them. Have 1 bed in each of their kennels for bedtime and 1 in the living room in their favorite spot, in front of the heater.
Bookchick, Verified Purchase, 1/17/2024, 4 out of 5 stars review, Huge bed for the price - a great value!. Very soft. Nice pattern that goes with my furniture. Quality of material I'd rate a 4 out of 5. My dog is happy with it.
David, Verified Purchase, 2/9/2024, 5 out of 5 stars review, I liked how fast I received item and it was well constructed. I ordered it for a small puppy, but unfortunately this would better suit smaller dogs or cats because our puppy (Husky) already is outgrowing it.
Sunny, Unverified Purchase, 11/7/2022, 5 out of 5 stars review, It's great pet bed for your dog or cat that keeps them nice and cozy warm with a soft velvet like fabric my dog can snuggle into the corners without losing any body heat and can lay comfortably in a corner with no trouble at all easy to clean as well you can just run the vacuum right on it and wipe any stains that might be in there and then give it a hosing
HarleyDeuce, Unverified Purchase, 10/22/2022, 5 out of 5 stars review, This is the first dog bed my boxer Rambo didn't destroy the first day. He actually sleeps on it. It must be super comfortable because he has to compete with my 3 year old son and 4 year old daughter. The love to lay in it and watch TV on their tablets.
Deanne, Unverified Purchase, 8/7/2022, 5 out of 5 stars review, My cat is very picky when it comes to pretty much everything, her food, her toys, and even pet beds so after we receive this pet bed and I placed where my cat normally lays down she walked over and checked it out and she has been sleeping in it ever since. I am just shocked at how much she l8kes this pet bed, this is now the only place she likes to sleep. She likes to curl up right next to the sides of the pet bed and then she goes to sleep. I am so happy with this pet bed because we finally have something that my cat loves to sleep in and she hasn't been trying to take over mine and my husbands bed any more because now she has her own that she really likes.
littlelex, Unverified Purchase, 10/28/2022, 5 out of 5 stars review, This Vibrant Life Faux Velvet Pet Bed has a lot of cushion. It is a large size which is great for big dogs who like to curl up & get comfortable. It has lots of stuffing in the walls so my dogs can lean against it and lay their head on it as well for a cushioned pillow. The bed has a lot of stuffing in it as well and also has a cushion on the bottom. The bottom has a zippered opening with a separate lightweight pillow full of fluffy stuffing inside. This gives the bed extra height & comfort. The bottom also has little rubber grips over it to help keep it from slipping around. The faux velvet is really soft and the green is a pretty color. This bed feels well made & my dogs enjoy it. I like that the covers come with zippers so they can come ...
Star73, Verified Purchase, 2/23/2023, 5 out of 5 stars review, Nice item just the right size for the puppy easy to wash and dry. Puppy loved it. I don't thing it's going to last very long because she has already started to destroy it because she is at the stage where she chews everything that she comes into contact
Deetz, Unverified Purchase, 8/16/2022, 5 out of 5 stars review, This blends right in with our modern farmhouse decor and is such high quality! It's soft and thick. We've had it only a few weeks but my cat Dolly sleeps in it pretty much all day and I can tell it will gif up well. Looks easy to wash to. Very cute bed!
Debby, Unverified Purchase, 8/6/2022, 5 out of 5 stars review, It's a little larger than I thought it would be, but it's a good size. My little 5 lb Lulu likes it and my 30 lb Bella has no trouble at all relaxing in it. I haven't had it long enough to comment on how it is to clean. It is sufficiently plush on the bottom to give them a comfy place to sleep if it's placed on the floor. I put it on my couch as I figured they would more likely check it out quicker there, but I may move it to the floor, just haven't decided where yet. I recommend this bed, I don't think you'll be sorry if you get it for your fur-baby.
Darla253, Unverified Purchase, 8/4/2022, 5 out of 5 stars review, I've purchased many dog and cat beds for the house full of furbabies, however, this is the first one they've all loved. At first I wasn't impressed because the shape didn't appear right. After a few minutes in the dryer on low it looked fluffy and great. Highly recommend!
TJMc, Unverified Purchase, 10/23/2022, 5 out of 5 stars review, Nice couch like bed for fluffy or fido! Will hold a small to medium dog, and our black lab has actually squeezed her big behind into it a couple of times. We constructed bed, very fluffy, has arms and a back like a couch. Has a bean bag base to it so it wont go sliding all over the place. Zippered botrtom as well for easy removal for laundering. Soft velvety feel to it. Dogs loved it right away. Recommended for all pets.
nacevedo88, Unverified Purchase, 8/11/2022, 2 out of 5 stars review, When this bed showed up I liked the size and I thought the print was cute. I have a 15 pound terrier mix as well as a 45 pound amstaff mix and each of them fit well on the bed. It felt a bit bare inside to me, but I waited until my pups could really try it out before I developed my opinion. The second I put it on the floor my dogs were all over it. They love pillows and beds and being comfortable. They continued to use it over the next few days, but as the days passed, the inside began to scrunch up in random places as well as flatten out even more than it already was. My pups gradually stopped using it, and I feel the only reason they used it to begin with was because it had a little more cushion than the carpet. Disappointed with this one...
Drimeth, Unverified Purchase, 8/8/2022, 5 out of 5 stars review, My cat is a HUGE fan of this pet bed! It's very soft with a nice outside design, exactly as shown on the website. She's only about 8lbs, but even so the bed holds up nicely and doesn't dip down when she uses it (which is constantly!). I think it'll be great for the colder months too because of how soft it is!
WhyThough, Verified Purchase, 3/6/2023, 1 out of 5 stars review, Be aware that there is conflicting information all over the place regarding the bed. The picture shows that it is 21" by 17" and appropriate for dogs up to 25 pounds including Jack Russell terriers, and I bought it based on that. In reality it only 19” by 15” (according to the tag on it) and appropriate for very small dogs (supposedly under 15 pounds according to the tag). My 11-pound cat fills it up. It will fit inside a cat carrier. It is much too small for my 17 pound terrier. I see that the descriptive material (NOT in the pictures) is halfway correct. I should have looked more closely. I thought this was the same (larger) bed I bought at Walmart for $5. Nope. It costs more and is smaller and more cheaply made. Bummer.
AprilT, Unverified Purchase, 8/6/2022, 5 out of 5 stars review, Received my Small Lounger Pet Bed and our cat loves it. She roams all day and night so haven't gotten a picture of her in it since I go to bed early. It's super soft and machine washable. Super fluff bed and she went straight to it and sniffed it and finally laid down. We have 3 cats so each one will use this bed if not all of them at once. It's like a fleece wrapped bed. I recommend it for all your fur babies for maximum comfort. I love the sides and the back pillow. My pets love it. Super neat bed.
Cecil, Unverified Purchase, 8/16/2022, 5 out of 5 stars review, Our small dog and two cats went to lay on their new bed and the dog won the prize! This bed is so nice, I'd sleep on it if it were big enough. The small size is perfect for our 12 pound pooch. She seems very comfortable even with the summer weather. The low sides provide enough height to ward off drafts, but allow for cooling air across the pet. The button-tufted build keeps the soft back, front and bottom pillow in form. The sides, without tufted buttons, are generously filled to form the perfect places for her to rest her head. The fabrics will wash well and the light weight will not overload our washing machine. This bed is a good choice for each of the furry kids.
Besttapeever, Unverified Purchase, 8/4/2022, 4 out of 5 stars review, It is a pretty good bed it is a light weight bed. I thought it would be a bit bigger than what it is. I guess the measurements are to the outside and it seems a bit smaller. My dog fit in it ok once he laid down. As you can see in the picture it is not a very big bed maybe better for cats or smaller dogs. My dog is not a big dog probably average size smaller dog. It is pretty well made and soft. I like the fact it doesn't weigh a lot because I plan to use it when I travel and it will fit nice in my vehicle and give him a nice place to lay down on. Over all he liked it and was happy laying in it. So do recommend it. Just make sure you check the size for what size pet you have.
nelly, Verified Purchase, 11/13/2023, 4 out of 5 stars review, The bed is pretty, soft, and roomy enough for my husky and boxer to curl up on together. The little won't share, lol. I didn't give it 5 stars because my dogs will soon realize it's flimsy on the bottom and tear out the stuffing when they get bored. I bought three to have plenty of lounge space but will probably select a different brand next time around.
imrachie, Unverified Purchase, 8/5/2022, 5 out of 5 stars review, This, "Small Lounger Pet Bed", is a hit right away with all 5 of my cats! This *Vibrant Life Small Lounger*, has very soft material and the cushioned sleeping area along with the bolstered surrounding walls are super comfortable for my cats to rest in. Not only do my cats love this but I do as well because it's machine washable. It measures 17" x 21". Although the info included with this bed says it's for pets up to 20lbs., my cat in the picture I added is 23lbs. and he likes and fits in it absolutely fine! Awesome pet bed for cats, dogs or whatever.
Bre, Verified Purchase, 9/7/2023, 3 out of 5 stars review, Sizes do not match across the product description. Title shows medium up to 40lbs but dimensions match those shown with the small bed in photo not the sizes shown on medium photo. Ordered hopeful it would be the medium. When it came it says medium and up to 50lbs, which also does not match, but again dimensions match those found with small bed up to 25lbs. Not a great sale price for the small bed. A little thin but that was expected for the price and this was just an extra to put in tent when camping
Pam, Verified Purchase, 10/20/2023, 2 out of 5 stars review, First of all it took way to long to get here. I've never had to wait this long. And they sent the wrong size bed. It was supposed to be 19×15. Instead I got 17×13. Would have sent back, but had already opened it. This is the second thing in a row I ordered that was Funky.
Sophie, Verified Purchase, 10/13/2023, 2 out of 5 stars review, As another reviewer mentioned, the size bed you will receive is smaller than stated in the product description. You will order this for your fat cat, and then end up receiving a smaller bed which you could have just purchased the other listing for less! Can't even ask for a discount or reship, you have to “start a return”. Inner lining is darker than the listing (excuse my flash which distorts this a bit) but I prefer this darker shade.
Jessica, Verified Purchase, 2/25/2024, 5 out of 5 stars review, Love the color and pattern. Soft and snuggly and so far sides have held up and not lost their form even when constantly laid on.
Sherry, Verified Purchase, 3/6/2024, 5 out of 5 stars review, My cats took to these right away. First I bought one Then I bought two more since all 3 cats love them and use them every day!
Duchess, Verified Purchase, 1/2/2024, 5 out of 5 stars review, This was the perfect size for my cats, so I bought this one after choosing the gray for my dog. Now my 4th furbaby will NOT sleep in my room unless we have the bed. Hehe.
TexasGigi, Verified Purchase, 11/22/2023, 5 out of 5 stars review, Good price and quality. From the moment our Shih Tzu saw this bed, she claimed it as hers. The big Lamb Chop didn't make out as well as evidenced by the stuffing on the floor by her bed.
MKU74, Verified Purchase, 11/15/2023, 5 out of 5 stars review, we have seven cats and they're all fighting over this bed I need to order a few more. they love it!! white cat in the pic weighs around 16 lbs and the 20lb one fits too!
Jody, Verified Purchase, 1/31/2024, 4 out of 5 stars review, Started out for the dog only waaay too small so it is now a cat bed for two kitties to sleep in. They love it
Lorisyfrett, Verified Purchase, 2/11/2024, 5 out of 5 stars review, it was just as i thought it would be. it is cute durable and.most of all prissy loves it. i will probably buy another one.
Booyatobits, Verified Purchase, 1/28/2024, 5 out of 5 stars review, My dogs love these pillows. I have tried other pillows but they were never as soft to the touch or as easy to clean.
Mia, Verified Purchase, 9/3/2023, 5 out of 5 stars review, Very nice bed for the price. Bought it for my golden, Lila, after the kelpie, Poppy, ate the last one. Lila still sleeps on the floor. At least Poppy likes it.
Nardia, Verified Purchase, 10/24/2023, 5 out of 5 stars review, I loved it, my pit was actually a tiny bit smaller than what I got but he loved it to it's like day before being trashed. Comfy, durable, worth it for pups.
Shaq, Verified Purchase, 8/10/2023, 5 out of 5 stars review, I LOVE this bed and so does my puppy. He tugs and pulls at it and is unable to break through the material to take the stuffing out. I highly recommend this for small dogs
btalbs, Verified Purchase, 10/6/2023, 5 out of 5 stars review, I buy 2 of these every couple of years. 1 for the crate and one to move around the house. Great bed. Made well, comes apart to wash and super soft. Big enough for my Doberman and both maltipoos. I recommend this bed to everyone!
Watcher, Verified Purchase, 10/29/2023, 1 out of 5 stars review, All four sides on the top started fraying! Purchased 40 days ago and it hasn't been moved. Nice size for a very small dog. Such a shame it's either manufactured to save to much fabric or the workmanship was shoddy.
Charlesa, Verified Purchase, 10/8/2023, 3 out of 5 stars review, It's a nice, soft dog bed; however, it's smaller than expected. The measurements in the picture are incorrect. It also says this is for dogs up to 25 pounds. When the item arrived, the tag has for dogs up to 15 lbs.
Richelle, Verified Purchase, 8/30/2023, 5 out of 5 stars review, He loves it! 65lb dog snuggles in with his blankie every day. He's a scratch 15xs and spin 30x before he lays down and it's holding up fine! No tears or rips!
Luz, Verified Purchase, 9/14/2023, 5 out of 5 stars review, My baby girl loves her bed. When her bed comes in she get excited and she lays on in all day. We have purchased about 4 beds. She has one in her cage and the other she lays on in during the day.
sunflowergirl07, Verified Purchase, 9/25/2023, 5 out of 5 stars review, This is perfect for my dog Cody who weighs approx 28 lbs. He can curl up on it or sleep on his side. He likes it very much. I purchased the black design.
Amarae, Verified Purchase, 4/13/2023, 5 out of 5 stars review, This is great! My 80lb lab mix needed another bed, so I got this one because he's still growing, he's got more than enough room on it. Even my boyfriend likes laying on it!!
Dink, Verified Purchase, 5/13/2023, 5 out of 5 stars review, Small dog bed for small dogs. Our LITTLE doggie loves these beds, we bought 4, three for the house and one for car. This is a small bed, will fit small dogs, or cats, we have a Yorkie. Have not washed one yet, but for the price, these seem well made with good material.
Ramona, Verified Purchase, 4/19/2023, 5 out of 5 stars review, As soon as I put the bed down, my dog leaped into the bed!! 😁 💞 I have two Chihuahuas and they took turns laying in it, although there is room for both (5 lbs each). They will not sleep on the other bed anymore because this one is the new favorite. It is perfect for them to lay their head on the side and fall asleep. Their own little couch 🤗 It makes me happy to see them so content and comfortable 💞
N/A, Verified Purchase, 6/25/2023, 4 out of 5 stars review, My dog loves her bed! Her other one was hard to wash, had way too many holes, and held on to every piece of lint. This one is easy to wash. However, after the first wash the buttons became detached and caused holes. I sewed them up and washed her bed a different time and that same spot opened up again. No stuffing came out either time. For the most part it's durable. Overall, we still like it.
Amethyst, Verified Purchase, 6/10/2023, 5 out of 5 stars review, My dog Buttons fell in love with this pillow! I had another at my other home for 13 yrs that he laid on once %26 never even looked at again but this one he rolled around on %26 made it his own right away. He comes to work with me %26 I thought he deserved something better than just a blanket on a hard, cold floor. He's so spoiled!
Cecile, Verified Purchase, 3/6/2024, 4 out of 5 stars review, The price is right just in case he didn't like it sometimes we don't have time to return it
LAMDILLIGAF, Unverified Purchase, 10/22/2022, 5 out of 5 stars review, We have a 11 week old French Bulldog and she LOVES her HUGE bed. The bed is so soft and easy to wash when it gets dirty. It had a bottom sanitation pad you can remove and wash also if your puppy makes a mess. It's heavy enough she can bounce around and do her zoomies in it and it stays in place. 100% approved!!!
Tien, Verified Purchase, 12/9/2023, 3 out of 5 stars review, The ad said it would fit 25 lbs dogs but the tag on the product says 15lbs. So it was a bit small for my 18 lbs shih tzu.
natrisha, Verified Purchase, 1/20/2024, 5 out of 5 stars review, dogs love sleeping on the pet bed
